# MERN-ECommerce-Full-Stack-Project

This is a Full Stack e-commerce project built using Mongodb, Express, React and NodeJs. It includes the main website as well as an admin dashboard for product inventory management. There are 3 directories: frontend (React front end for the main website), backend (Nodejs using npm init) and admin (React front end for admin dashboard. The main website consists of a clean UI for the Cyber Tech Store with the ability to browse products, view product details, add to cart as well as log in and out of the application. Using React hooks and the Mongodb atlas database, product details as well as cart information are always saved. So cart data would remain preserved if you log in or out. The admin dashboard on the other hand allows you to add products of 4 different categories (Phones, Tablets, Laptops and Audio) and also the ability to view them in a list as well as remove them. Adding/Removing products also removes them from the database and hence from the frontend. The backend contains API endpoints for various functionalities such as retrieving product information, authentication, getting cart data, listening for requests and initializing services such as jwt, cors, express and mongoose.

This credit to this project goes to GreatStack, a YouTube channel, with various full stack tutorials. I have attached his channel's link and the video tutorial for this project. This project was solely done for the purposes of learning and profile building. While the structure is mostly the same, I added my own twist and changed it from a clothing store called "Shopper" to a tech store called "Cyber Tech". The logo, color scheme, banners are all my own. Credit goes to flaticon.com for some icons.

GreatStack Youtube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/@GreatStackDev
Video Tutorial: https://youtu.be/y99YgaQjgx4?si=56HxW1e6fFdstdv7
